Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Freyja!
- Silence!
Renounce your gods. heathen!
Renounce your gods!
- Saint Michael the Archangel.
defend us in battle.
be our protection against the wickedness
and snares of the devil.
May God rebuke him. we humbly pray
and do thou. O Prince
of the heavenly host.
by the power of God.
thrust into hell Satan
and all of the other evil spirits
that prowl about the world
seeking the ruin of souls.
I curse you.
You will never see your Valhalla!
- Odin owns you all!
- Amen!
- Wakey-wakey.
We're almost there.
Ah. look how beautiful it is.
Yeah. I can feel it.
We're gonna be happy here.
We both will.
Oh. you can take the man out of Scotland.
Any requests?
- Where'd the builders leave the key?
- Er. the key is in the flowerpot.
See. you wouldn't get
that in London would you?
We'd be on some Home Invasion TV.
There we go.
We'll be as snug as a bug in no time.
Ah. my new edition's arrived.
Looks good. eh?
And you've got a wee
letter from your priest.
Praise be.
So. what do you think?
Sara?
- Oh. sorry.
Um.
It's just a lot
to take in.
- Aye.
Well.
why don't you go and take a nice bath
and I'll take my new toy out for a spin?
- You're obsessed.
- Yeah. true.
But the new blog's not
going to write itself.
I'll be back in a bit.
- Luke. do you want to come inside?
Fergus?
Can you watch Luke for me?
Fergus! Did you hear me?
Fergus!
- For fuck's sake.
- You've done your research then.
This is Croc a'ghasigichy. Warrior's Hill.
where a thousand years ago
local clansmen fought the savages.
Buaidh no Bàs
Victory or death.
Where's my manners?
I'm Elsa. Elsa Campbell.
- Of course.
You. you cared for my father.
- For my sins. aye.
- Hello.
- It's good to see you're
of the same stock. Fergus.
The village doesn't take
too kindly to outsiders.
but we do take care of our own.
Anyway. I shan't keep you.
Could you pass these to your wife for me?
Poor thing. she must be
beside herself with grief.
In fact. prepare the purple thistle.
It'll do wonders for her mood.
- Heavenly Father. I thank you.
In the hardest of times you are here.
When I am alone.
afraid.
sad.
you are here.
When I am confused.
ashamed.
or hurt.
You are here.
You are with me.
Amen.
- What a way to go. eh?
Poor sod.
- Is it real?
- It could be a prank I suppose.
but I mean. it looks real.
It's quite the find if it is.
- You should never have dug him up.
- Why?
Because we're not grave robbers. Fergus.
And...
I mean. what if that was Luke's grave?
Eh? What then?
- Come on.
- Why?
Because the dead don't
deserve the same courtesy?
Or is your blog more important than that?
- No. of course not.
- Good.
That's settled then.
I'll call Father Stewart in the morning.
- What. as an expert of ancient artefacts?
- No. As an expert
in burying people.
Not digging them up.
I'm going to bed.
- Goodnight.
Hello?
I can hear you!
- Who are you talking to?
- Did you not hear that?
Did you hear that?
There was a...
- What?
- There was a.
there's a banging coming from.
from in here.
There was. did you not hear it?
- It's locked.
- I swear. there was a
banging coming from in here.
I'm not going crazy.
- It's been a long day. let's just...
Just c'mon.
- Right then.
Goodnight. love.
- Night.
- Ah. that smells good.
- Smoked and poached
just like you like it.
I made you some coffee too.
- Wow. you really are spoiling the nutter.
- No.
It's just a strange night.
Strangest.
- Besides. you know what they say?
- Things that go bump in
the night generally don't.
Anyway. tuck in.
I've got a skull to go clean.
- Yecch!
Rough night. huh?
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's just get you cleaned up.
Where are you coming from?
Come on.
Come...
- Friends. today I want
to talk about forgiveness.
The cornerstone of our faith
and a virtue that remains essential
to the well-being of our souls.
Friends. as a teenager. I was bullied.
Okay. I was different.
I wanted to be a priest
when everyone around me
wanted to be anything but.
I was a decent child
just cast aside.
My life would never truly be my own.
My friends would never
really be my friends.
And you know what?
I hated them for that.
And I dragged that hate and bitterness
around with me for years.
Everywhere I went. it came with me.
dominating me. never
allowing me to move on.
Until one day I met Father Joseph.
a decent man. a kind man.
and the man that would save my life.
change my life and allow
me to live as a priest.
And that day. as I do now.
I recounted the story
of my unhappy childhood.
and Father Joseph listened
and he listened with poise and compassion.
And when I finished my story.
he looked at me and he said.
"Father Stewart."
"you have every right
to feel angry."
"What happened to you was
awful. but now it is time."
"You must totally forgive them."
"Forgive them. release them.
and you will be set free."
And I said. "But Father".
"you don't know what they did to me."
"they beat me and they beat me."
"they lied about me
again and again."
"They made my life hell."
And Father Joseph looked
at me and he said.
"Father Stewart. you have
every right to feel angry."
"What happened to you was awful."
"But now it this time.
you must forgive them."
"Forgive them. release them.
and you will be set free."
"No matter what."
You see. my friends.
forgiveness is a balm
for our wounded souls
and a pathway to healing
the scars inflicted.
It liberates us of the
burden of carrying grudges
and nurtures the fertility
of hope within our hearts.
And my friends. if we are to follow God.
then we must forgive.
And we must forgive.
as God has forgiven us
freely. completely. graciously.
unconditionally.
As Father Joseph so rightly said.
"Forgive them. release them."
"and you will be set free."
You will be set free.
Sara. so wonderful to see you
and welcome to welcome to Saint Mike's.
- Thank you. Father.
It's beautiful here. it really is.
- Hmm. isn't it. just?
I only wish more of the
locals would appreciate it.
Now you must tell me more
about this ancient skull.
Sounds wonderful. Sara.
Wonderful.
- Hey.
Kinda disappointed you didn't join me.
- Oh. I've got two left feet. Elsa.
and my two left feet have got me.
- Excuses. excuses.
You've got something on your mind as well.
I can feel it.
I can hear your brain
tick. tick. ticking away.
- I. um...
Aye. I did want to ask you something.
- Shoot.
We'll walk as we talk.
- Yesterday you said that
I'd done my research.
my research which.
which kind of implies
that you'd done your
research into my research
to know that I've done
my research. you know?
- Look. okay. I'm.
I'm talking in riddles. but I-
- You just want to know
what I know. right?
- Right.
- And why didn't you say so?
Family history has always fascinated me.
it always has. and probably always will.
And now. I think I'm just
a little bit fascinated
about your history too.
C'mon. I'll make you some tea.
McKittrick.
Here we go. A mugwort special.
It was your father's fave.
Now. let's dig into the ghosts
of the McKittricks' past. shall we?
First up. Exhibit A.
- No. you're kidding me?
- No. it's all true.
- I'm a Viking?
- By bloodline you are yes.
You see. the roots of the McKittricks
go back to Scandinavian Scotland
and evolved through the ages from there.
From the Sigtryggr. right through to...
- Mac Shit Rig?
- Until Mac Shitrig became McKittrick
and your family settled here.
- As Christians. Fergus.
And that's not all.
Take a look at this and
tell me who you see.
Look. even those cheekbones are Fergusy.
- Now I know you are having me on.
I mean. have you ever seen
anything like this before?
- Not personally. but
let me give Mungo a call.
- Mungo?
- Aye. he's got the sight
as we say in Scotland.
he can see into our world and his.
- Oh. this is.
this is crazy.
1850?
What?
It's my dad.
C'mon. c'mon. c'mon.
- Okay. he's in.
We'll see tomorrow.
- Okay great.
Do you think he knows something?
- Oh aye. he always knows something.
He's gifted after all.
Let me see you out.
- New blood. eh. Father?
- Yes. no doubt the bishop
would call it a recruitment spike. Mungo.
"Numbers. Father Stewart.
numbers."
Or as I call it. a tragedy.
And then her husband in all his wisdom
goes and digs up the dead.
- Aye.
But you can't give him a
Christian burial though. Father.
- And why's that?
- Well. because he's not Christian. is he?
Acta deos numquam
mortalia fallunt. Father.
Mortal actions will
never deceive your God.
- Even if that mortal
is a man of the cloth?
- Especially if that mortal
is a man of the cloth.
Look. you're new. Father.
I get you're in a hurry
to impress the Bishop.
But don't be in too much of a rush. eh?
Always seek an audience. seek guidance.
But remember. never.
never let the living dismiss the dead.
Good day to you.
- Mungo. is that you?
Anybody there?
- For the last time. Fergus.
the skull needs to rest
in peace not be a post
on your bloody blog!
- No. look Sara.
I told you it's more than just a skull!
- Oh. fuck off!
- No!
- You back off!
- No. Listen to me. okay?
- Back off!
- Look. just give me-
- No. just stop!
- Give me the skull.
- Give it back.
- No.
- Give it back now!
- No!
- Give it back!
- Give it!
- No!
- Give it back!
- Listen. no.
- Give it!
- No!
- Give it back!
- No! Never!
- You just don't understand.
You just don't understand me.
Cunt!
Luke?
Luke. is that you?
Fergus!
- Sara?
Sara. what happened?
What happened?
- Luke.
- What happened?
- I saw him! I saw him!
- You saw who?
Who?
- Luke! I saw him!
- No. Sara.
It's okay.
It's okay. c'mon.
Up you come. Okay. c'mon. c'mon.
Come with me. come with me.
No. no. no. no. no. no. Sara.
Sara. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
- And she's never studied languages?
Or lived overseas?
- No. She's never shown
an interest. no.
- Sara. I'm Dr. Byrne.
Okay if I take your temperature?
Don't worry. I won't bite.
- Oh. but I might. Doctor.
And I know how bored
you are with your wife.
- I beg your pardon?
- It's not much fun
when they just lie back
thinking of Scotland is it?
Even less fun when they don't.
Frigid fucking bitch!
- Sarah!
- What?
He hates me. you know?
He'd never tell me.
but he blames me for Luke's death.
As I blame him.
- Okay. let's just give
this a try. shall we?
That's it.
As happy as can be.
She definitely has a fever.
Is she on any medication at all?
- I can speak for myself. you know?
- Then are you taking
any medication. Sara?
Let me think.
I know.
Why don't you go fuck yourself?
Go on. fuck off!
- Sara. that's enough.
- It's fine. it's fine.
No need to fuss.
There's no harm done is there?
I. um.
I may need some help though.
- No. no!
- It's just to help you sleep. Sara.
- No. I don't want to sleep!
Fergus. I don't want to sleep!
- It's okay! It's okay. I'm sorry.
- No. I don't want to sleep.
Stop!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
What's the matter with her. Doctor?
- My gut feeling?
She's delirious.
The onset can be rapid
and there's every chance
that she could see or hear
things that aren't there.
- And the language stuff?
Where does that come in?
- Well. that's the unknown.
- Great.
- Look. she's heavily
sedated and she's resting.
- So let's give her 24 hours. shall we?
And if she's still no better.
well. I'll fast track
an MRI and bring her in.
But she needs to rest now. Fergus. okay?
You both do.
Sara!
What?
Sara! Sara!
Sara!
Sara. c'mon. c'mon. c'mon.
Are you okay? Are you okay?
Come here. come on.
It's okay. It's okay.
Okay?
- Whoa. calm down. Fergus.
What?
She did what?
Okay. I'll come over.
Fergus. I said I'll come over.
Blessed be. McKittrick.
Blessed be.
- You know. I would
have been lost in there
if it wasn't for you. Elsa.
God. I was so scared.
I've lost Luke. but if
I lost her as well...
- She's stronger than you think.
- Aye. you're right.
- I am always right.
Next up. thyme.
It's a great healer after all.
- And that's the peony tea?
- Aye. that helps ward off evil spirits.
- Fergus!
- And hopefully delirium too.
Feeling better?
- I think so.
Can you hear him?
- Hear who?
- There's someone...
There's someone speaking to me.
There's someone in my head.
- Is he talking to you now?
What's he saying?
- He wants the priest.
- He what?
- He wants the fucking priest!
- Hello?
Show yourself!
I've got a knife!
- Sara?
Sara?
Jesus Christ!
Sara please stop this!
- I'll try the doctor again.
- Get me the priest!
Get me the fucking priest!
- Blessed be. Doctor.
Rest in peace.
- Do you believe in ghosts. Father?
- I believe ghosts are
lost spirits. Fergus. Yes.
They scare us because
they're scared themselves.
Why do you ask?
- And what if they're evil spirits?
- Well. they'll fight for
survival like anything else.
But they'll want to survive
in the light. Fergus.
not be forced back into the dark.
Where are you leading me here exactly?
- I want Sara to have an exorcism.
- You what?
- She's hearing things. seeing things.
doing things that are not of
this world. they're of his.
- And you know how many hoops
we'd have to jump through
to get that approved?
- Yes. I have done my research.
- Well. then.
- Which is why you're
going to do it yourself.
- Oh come on. Fergus. I'm not qualified.
Besides. I'd be struck off.
- But you know the scriptures-
- Yes. but I'm not trained in the rite.
And I'm not putting Sara's life at risk.
Not a chance.
- Fine! Well. in that
case. this goes!
- No. Fergus.
- Yes. Father!
I shouldn't have dug it
up in the first place!
- Fergus. stop!
- Guys!
She's starting to wake.
- Fergus.
- What is it with the the skull. Father?
- Nothing.
The living should just never
dismiss the dead that's all.
- No.
Not when you've seen the spirits too. eh?
I see you. Father.
Your fear shines bright.
- Sara. it's Father Stewart.
I've come to see you.
Fergus is really worried about you.
We both are.
And we'd like to get you
some help if you'd let us.
- Thank you. Father.
I feel a lot stronger with you here.
- Then I will stay as long as you want.
- May I ask you a question?
- Of course you can.
- Why were you bullied?
What was the real reason?
- Like I said Sara. I was different then.
Well. I wanted to love who
I wanted to love and...
Look. I'd like to pray now. Sara.
Would you like to pray with me?
- Hmm. you know. Father.
No.
I don't think I would.
- That's okay.
- Instead...
I think I'd like
to slit your fucking throat
and watch your blood drip-
- No. Sara no! Sara no!
- What? Husband. do I blaspheme?
Have I laid myself bare
at the gates of Hell?
- My God. you are a demon.
- And would you fear me if I was?
- Never.
I am God's servant.
I only fear God himself.
- Such faith. Father.
Such blind faith.
- Sneer all you want. demon.
but Sara will not be bullied.
God will not be bullied.
We shall prevail.
- I have conquered
cruel. inhospitable lands
and you expect me.
me. to be defeated
by this?
Never!
My God will condemn you
as your God has condemned me!
And my death will be avenged!
- No. Sara no!
No. no!
Quick! Help me!
- Hold her down!
- Stop it!
- Please!
- Grab her arm!
Hold her down!
Will you help us now?
- As God is my witness!
Now hold her down. Fergus!
Hold her down!
- What a great night
for an exorcism. Father.
- In the name of the Father.
the Son. and the Holy Spirit.
Let's begin.
In the name of the Father. the
Son and of the Holy Spirit.
- Bastard!
You're a bastard. Father!
- Our Father. who art in
Heaven. hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come. thy will be done
on earth as it is in Heaven.
- You who will dine
at a table of whores!
- Give us this day our daily bread
and forgive us our trespasses
as we forgive those
who trespass against us
and lead us not into temptation.
but deliver us from evil!
Saint Michael the Archangel.
defend us in battle!
- No!
- Be our protection
against the wickedness-
- No. no. no. no. no!
- And snares of the devil!
- I curse you!
- Have we not suffered enough?
- Fergus. the holy water.
- I said. have we not suffered enough?
- Fergus. now!
- Yuck.
- It's not working!
It's not working. Father!
- Save me. oh God. hear my prayer.
Give ear to the words of my mouth.
For evil hath risen up against us
and fierce men seek our lives.
- You're a fraud. Father.
- Let the evil recoil upon my foes-
- Why did you run
to the highlands. Father?
- In your faithfulness destroy them.
I will praise your name.
Lord. for its goodness.
- An ambitious priest
in a place like this?
- Because from all distress
you have rescued me.
- You're a sinner. Aren't
you. Father?
- Glory be to the Father.
- Aren't you?
- Preserve thy servant who
places her faith in thee-
- You preach the beauty of creation.
- And in the face of the enemy.
- And yet
let the enemy have no power over her!
- And the son of be powerless
- you commit
- to harm her evermore.
- Sins of the flesh!
- Fergus. the holy water!
- It doesn't work!
It doesn't work!
- Get up. man!
- No!
- Lord. heed my prayer and
let my cry be heard by you.
C'mon. man!
Lord. heed my prayer and
let my cry be heard by you.
Fergus. get up!
Come on. Fergus!
- What?
- I need you!
- I. I can't!
- Lord. heed my prayer and
let my cry be heard by you!
Lord. heed my prayer and
Fergus. get up!
let my cry be heard by you!
It's working. Join me!
Lord. heed my prayer and
let my cry be heard by you!
- Lord. heed my prayer
and let my cry be heard by you!
Lord. heed my prayer and
let my cry be heard by you!
- I cast you out unclean spirit
along with every satanic
power of the enemy.
every spectre of Hell!
In the name of our Lord
Jesus Christ. I cast you out!
Be gone. demon. and stay far
away from this creature of God!
For it is he who commands you.
He who flung you headlong
from the heights of Heaven
into the depths of Hell.
It is he who commands you.
He who once stilled the wind
and the sea and the storm.
Therefore tremble in fear. Satan.
you enemy of the faith.
you foe of the human race.
you begetter of death.
you robber of life.
you corrupter of justice.
you root of all evil.
you author of pain and sorrow!
I cast you out!
Begone!
I cast you out
in the name of the Father and of the Son
and of the Holy Spirit!
I cast you out!
I cast you out. demon!
- Is it over. Father?
Will it ever be over?
- I don't know.
But what we just saw. Fergus.
what we witnessed. that gives
me hope that he's listening.
that he's answering our prayers.
- I wish I had your faith.
- You still have belief.
- I don't know what to believe anymore.
- Well then. why don't you take a break
and I'll go and check how she is?
What the?
- Fuck!
Father!
What? The cat got your tongue?
It's an Old Norse rune.
a symbol used to inspire
great warriors in their life
and help them find the
light in their death.
I need to find the light. Father.
I need to find it now!
- Yes. and you need to
tell him to stop. Sara.
Look at you.
Tell him to stop.
- Silence. fool!
- Think about Luke.
You've lost him once. don't
you dare lose him again.
- I said silence!
- Don't you dare lose him again. Sara.
- That is enough!
You don't get to say his name.
You hear me?
You know nothing. Father.
Nothing.
When he was hit by the car.
was he scared?
You don't know.
When he was hit. was he in pain?
When he was hit. was he.
was he screaming. "Mommy?"
"Mommy. Mommy. Mommy. Mommy?"
You don't know.
You don't know. You don't know.
And he won't fucking tell me!
And yet
you still think I'm merciful?
- God has forgiven you Sara. yes.
This wasn't your fault.
- Eh. but she sinned. Father.
She killed her son!
And now she's going to kill you too.
- No. please. I beg of you.
Lord. deliver his soul from Purgatory.
Deliver his soul. Lord.
- It's too late. priest!
To the land of death and Odin!
Amen!
No. no. no. no!
- Fergus McKittrick?
- Yes?
- I'm Mungo McKittrick.
Right. I expect you've
had quite a night. right?
So. have you phoned
anyone since the attack?
- What's that got to do with you?
- Everything. Fergus.
You're hiding a murdered priest
with half his skull missing.
And the more you stop me doing my job.
the longer it's going
to take me to fix it.
So why don't you listen up
and let me ask that question again.
Have you phoned anyone since the attack?
- No.
- Good.
Text?
- No.
- Right.
Give me your phone.
- Oh. come on.
- Just give me your fucking phone!
There's no debate.
Right.
Where is she. upstairs?
- Yes.
- Right.
Well. let's go upstairs then.
- Merry meet Sire.
- Blessed be young McKittrick.
How is she?
- She's really weak. sire.
so we need to move fast.
- Right.
Then let's move fast.
I need you to fetch me some items.
Some books. clothing.
- Of course. sire.
- Fucking McKittrick.
He's not a demon. you know?
- I'm sorry?
- The exorcism didn't work
because he's not a demon. is he?
He's a Viking.
and you're a fucking McKittrick too.
- Campbell was my mother's
maiden name. Fergus.
I'll be as quick as I can.
- No. no. no. no.
What the fuck is going on?
For Sara's sake. tell me what you've done!
- Fergus! You need to relax!
- Relax?
How can I relax?
- Look. you're right.
He's not a demon. No.
His name is Thorvald Ironside.
He's one of the most feared
and infamous Norse chieftains of all time.
And he needs our help.
They both do.
You see. maybe if you were a religious man
it would make more sense.
You see. your father hated Christians.
He hated the hypocrisy of it all.
I mean. think about it.
They preach one solution
and yet remain fiercely
divided amongst themselves.
You've got the Catholics. the
Protestants. the Methodists.
Don't get me started on
the bloody door knockers.
"All blind Mungo. all blind."
You see a religious man needs a religion.
somewhere to hang his spiritual hat.
and whereas some people find God.
well. your father found Thorvald Ironside.
Quite literally.
Thorvald Ironside. the great warrior.
who would become his lifelong obsession.
who would become his dying wish.
- You planned this all along. didn't you?
- Me?
No. of course not.
Your father did.
And when he died.
well. I reburied the skull.
- Yeah. of course you did.
- Well. you see.
you always did your research. Fergus.
You always do.
Your devil is in the detail. after all.
- Fucking McKittrick.
- He is cleansed by the moon.
He found them.
The devil's mission.
- Sire. she's not responding!
We need to do this now!
- You bastard.
We've already lost our son.
If I lose Sara...
- Hail to the Day.
Hail to the Night.
Hail the Aesir that shines so bright.
Hail the mighty Odin.
and hail the Earth that sacrifices all.
and hail to you. our blessed dead.
who must stand tall.
The mead. Fergus.
- It's okay.
I love you.
- I call upon the mighty Odin.
all father of the gods to
grant me the wisdom and courage
and allow his ravens to
carry my words back to him.
- Hail Odin. Lord of Asgard.
warrior and wanderer. valiant and wise.
You to whom all the gods of Asgard look.
Sky Father on the eight-legged steed.
You who traded an eye for wisdom
and ruled a turbulent realm.
give us the wisdom to accept
the twists and turns of fate.
Protect us. All Father. from
what harm may come to us.
Lead us through the wilderness
and bring us safely to the great hall.
Hail Odin! And bring us
safely to that great hall.
- Oh. Odin.
all father. Lord of Valhalla.
wielder of the Gungnir.
we stand before you in
reverence and supplication.
On this day. we beseech thee
on behalf of the great warrior Thorvald
who has languished in
purgatory for a millennium.
With the ancient runes as witness.
we implore you to unfetter his spirit
from the bonds of anguish and suffering.
Let him ascend. O Lord.
to the eternal embrace of Valhalla.
where the meads flow abundantly
and the battles never cease.
And as we invoke your
name in solemn prayer.
grant him passage. O Lord.
so that he may stand among
his kinsmen once more.
- Hail Odin. beacon of hope.
hear our entreaty and let this
warrior's spirit soar free.
Hail Odin. and let this
- McKittrick!
You have journeyed far.
but I have waited far longer.
So tell me.
what do you know of Lord Odin?
What do you know of our gods?
- Your gods?
I'm not here for your gods. Viking!
I'm here to save my wife!
So you are ready McKittrick?
You are ready to fight!
May the Gods protect us both!
You are blessed I see.
Maybe not blessed enough.
Do you want your wife to die?
I said. do you want your wife to die?
- No.
No. it is you that shall die!
It is you that shall be
sleeping with the gods!
- Finish me as you will.
- Hail Odin.
Hail you. sire.
Warrior you have always been.
and a warrior you will always be.
- Odin owns us all!
- Blessed be. Sara.
- Blessed be. sire.
- So. Fergus. is he ready for his big day?
- Aye.
I think he's found his purpose.
We both have.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm